KILO NOTE:
==========


i'm working on get this process working with kilo, sample config file process
has been changed so it needs to be updated but i haven't found time to do it.


SAMPLE CONFIG FILES FOR OPENSTACK
=================================

TL;DR files are in results directory.



Nova, cinder, glance, keystone, etc projects don't provide a config
file, it has to be generated at build time.
Also the version of oslo and keystone libraries impact the config file,
an extra dependency that you may not be aware.

This repo has the sample configuration files autogenerated for those
projects, with all the options and their defaults, for a debian and ubuntu.

Additional apt repos can be added to use in-house made packages.

The results are divided by project then by release by distribution

results/$project/$distribution-$openstack_release-$distro_release

As oslo and keystone libraries versions change the sample config output
so their versions are displayed on dpkg and dpkg-full files.

**THIS CONFIG FILES ARE NOT READY TO BE USE**, you have to modify them to
suit your needs, if you don't know where to start, use your distro
config files and extend whith the ones you see here.

For now i will focus on packages provided by debian and ubuntu (other deb
distributions can be easily added). I will happily take patches to
support rpm based distros.

I will rebuild the config files often (weekly) and publish the results.

If you have a big OpenStack environment, build from source and deploy
using docker/virtualenv/etc this project may not be for you.


Howto build the config files:
-----------------------------

- For now scripts are hardcoded to my environment, i will try to make
    them more generic, but really, they are so simple anybody can modify
    them so suit theirs needs.

- Edit config-gen.sh to add any apt repo you use for OpenStack packages,
 also add the apt keys for them.

- create a **clean** chroot to use as base, this command will do it

```
$ sudo debootstrap $distro-release config-gen.$distro-release.base my-favorite-mirror-url
```

- Run new-config-gen.sh with the distribution, distribution release and
    openstack release as parameters, if is not ubuntu or debian you may
    need to edit config-gen.sh.
```
$ ./new-config-gen.sh debian wheezy juno
```

